Hi, my name is Rika Gorn and I'm a Solutions Engineer at Posit.
I help customers install and use Posit's pro products and help them solve complex architectural
and infrastructure problems.
I'm really excited to be teaching the first ever two-day DevOps for Data Scientists workshop
at PositConf this September in Chicago.
DevOps is the process by which the work of data scientists and developers, whether it's
an R Markdown report, a Shiny app, or a model that serves predictions, can be shared and
run across devices, across organizations, or even across countries.
DevOps ensures that wherever your data products are, they are reliable, reproducible, performant,
and secure.
I want to share with you my three top reasons why you should join us at the DevOps workshop.
First, you will learn the fundamentals of DevOps from the very beginning.
If you don't know much about system administration or infrastructure as code, it's totally fine.
This course will be made for you.
The second reason why you should join is that we will be learning about DevOps from the
lens of data science.
You will learn how to move your code data science practices closer to the DevOps ideal
using continuous integration and continuous deployment, how to write R code specifically
for creating data-intensive applications, and how to use logs to monitor your app.
The third reason why you should join the workshop is that you will leave with code deployed
to the cloud.
We will be running RStudio server in a Docker container and even be writing our own Docker
files.
I'm so excited to see everyone in September and hope to see you at the DevOps for Data
Scientists workshop.